ok here's another short video of
installation of the of the filter ok you
got two holes you got one hole there
together and you can have one hoe over
there that's going to be the intake and
then take is a little lower hole ok
that's going to bring the water out of
the pool along a pipe into the filter
filter is going to clean the water bring
it back up by the higher whole back into
the swimming pool ok now when you going
to get the piece it's going to be
connected poo at a lunch it's going to
be connected to to this kind of like
that all right you're going to unscrew
it take over this piece okay and then
you're going to roll off this wash how
do you see here let me do that quickly
ok and then you can take a little
Vaseline and spread it lightly really
lightly hole along the wall inside
washer to create a seal
okay you have to put a lot just put it
he Mele okay here we go that's fun okay
and then what we do is we stick it
together with a washer on the inside of
this way pull and as you can see this
way pool is filling up with water as we
doing this okay push it all in as much
as possible okay get it all up over the
seams well around okay once we have that
sticking out we're going to go back down
the outer washer and tighten it as much
as we could only with our hands as per
instructions okay make them nice and
tight
okay once we're done you'll pick the Sun
I like to put a little Vaseline on the
inside as well just a tinge I make sure
we don't lose the washer while we're
doing it that will create a nice seal
else we put on the hoses okay okay this
goes on there usually better to do with
two hands what I'm taking a video now
we're doing it with a one hand tighten
it nice and tight again just hand tight
we'll be fine should not leak and you
want this standing up okay now see you
gonna help me tighten that yep you know
you hold that I want to type here we go
hold it tight okay hey helper okay okay
nice and tight now when you're selling
up the swimming pool you want to make
sure that the valve is closed okay now
in the open position just so you can
tighten as well ok open would be up
that's up that's locked okay that will
allow water to escape from the swimming
pool so what you want to do is when
you're filling it up especially in the
beginning make sure it's closed ok close
that nice and tight as you can see it
will lock in turn it to the right and
that's all it's lock nobody will come
out so the pool safe to be filled up or
make sure your cap on the bottom it's
sealed as well I closed as well when
you're filling up the sweeper otherwise
you'll be wasting water overnight when
you're not realizing it okay thank you